[Music]
where's
oh hey there baby what the hell are you
doing here
i'm commissioned to this flight we
haven't got time for this right now put
her in the sperry until we get up in the
air i'm supposed to guard this i'll
guard it for you
what's your name honey flight officer
garrett ain't no women in the air corps
i'm a flight mechanic and a pilot you're
not a pilot you're a delivery girl
sir requesting permission to fire an
enemy attacker
you wouldn't even know how to fire a gun
i was being polite
she was right who the hell are you miss
garrett
what is she here for did you hear that
what the hell is that racket there's
something in the top of the plane
something on the goddamn time
[Music]
here they
these irregularities started with that
package
you have no idea how far i'll go how did
you get up here
[Music]
welcome back to the party baby
strapping yes ma'am
[Music]
life is a road straight and narrow
stay on the road and it will take you
safely home but make a wrong turn
and you will meet the darkness
[Music]
what was that
the detectives here she's gonna be
taking over
i'm certain i know you from somewhere
i don't think so
come on stay and play
[Music]
look i have a marriage to protect
you're afraid i'm gonna expose you to
your wife
it wasn't a robbery can you think of
anyone who
might want to harm you friends
family or woman you screwed
and discarded
[Music]
this wasn't part of the plan
did you do it did i do what
i am not a murderer
i don't believe you
i made one wrong turn
[Music]
and it cost me everything well then you
shouldn't have come to vegas
oh god nothing's easy with you
uh
[Music]
listen son those nightmares you're
having ain't going away
you need to do something about it i
don't know if it's the right time
for me to leave you gotta trust me here
morocco's
beautiful in morocco we have found
something incredible and we have been
granted access
to excavate we have to be careful
we are very close to the border
[Music]
now what is going on
that move please don't shoot please jump
right okay it has been abducted she's in
knowledge area
they were taken to be beheaded the
gentleman that we are dealing with is
crazy
i need to get into algeria you're out of
your mind
we can't have them involved in this this
one's off the books
we should discuss our approach our
approach
your eyes open your mind's sharp
bring our cat home
are you i'm captain brad paxton
kate is my wife
i put myself out there i put myself out
there and was open to love
no you put out before prom and got
played she's gonna write you were kind
of the fastest
me and my girlfriends used to sit around
and plot out our lives
so much has changed for the good or bad
depends on who you ask
why are you here i'm here because she's
my friend
talk to me i'm miserable i keep telling
myself
it'll get better beside you
people that od are not fine tyra i am
not a chunky
we can lean on one another until we're
lifting
up dying my circumstances and neither
are you
what is it that you want your dreams
your desires
i've put family before my dream
[Music]
i want both
how do you forgive someone how do you
stop being so angry
[Music]
i was so frustrated that you had to see
me like this
life is not black and white everything
is a whole lot of grey
one day you are going to have to take a
leap and trust that somebody is willing
to catch you
[Music]
must be some like next level
hey wait we gotta try it try what
calling the empty man who's the empty
man
if you're on a bridge and you find a
bottle you blow into it
and you think about the empty man
oh come on mandy how old are you it's on
the rest
on the first night you hear him and on
the second night you see him
and on the third night well on the third
night he finds you
he finds you
you can hear him can't you squirming his
way into your thoughts
like a disease and his message is
contagious
[Music]
true love
that's a gift unlike any other
it's all scary until you just do it
so why not just do it
[Music]
this is your captain welcoming you to
wyoming flight 227
you remember those lessons i used to
give you you ready to give it a go
make sure that the horizon stays level
right here i'm going to turn off the
autopilot
look ma
[Laughter]
he's having a heart attack okay
we have no pilot the autopilot's broken
we have no idea where we are
neither of us can land a plane hello can
anyone hear me this is a distress call
two two seven come in this is two two
seven you still got her in the air so
keep doing you're doing
holy look at that i see the storm
it's too big to go around you're gonna
have to play through it
that's our shot no going back let's get
off this plane
oh
i never fit in
never could win this isn't the likely
one
[Music]
i fell in love with country music when i
was a little girl when are you let me
hear you play
[Music]
i received another letter
immigration and customs enforcement we
have a warrant to search does anyone
else here reside with you is there
anyone who lives here
no no one resides with you no other
residents
hey
[Music]
they take everything away i don't even
have a name anymore
[Music]
we already have one daughter we don't
need another
[Music]
quietly into the night and i'll sing to
the light of day
[Music]
ladies and gentlemen my name is captain
jefferson kyle kidd and i'm here tonight
to read the news from across this great
world of ours
so they pay you to tell stories i ain't
never heard of that as a thing a man can
do
it's not a rich man's occupation as you
can see
hi stop stop i'm not gonna hurt you
do you understand english dory i call
but uh
friend
says your name is johanna leonberger
indians took you when they attack your
family six years prior
the mother of father and sister warren
well they passed
she's got family down in castroville
captain why are you doing this
she needs to laugh and dream
she needs new memories
roads closed is that the law
it is now
captain you johanna
i do not have a clue as to the care of a
child
it's a photograph
that's my wife
you can certainly handle a horse
that there's a horse
captain make no mistake
captain
where it is she's that captive out of
wichita falls what do you want
how much you offer this child is not for
[Music]
sale
so she thinks she's an indian now
she's something in between ladies and
gentlemen
these are stories of men and women very
much like you
waiting for better days to come
you can't have her and i'm taking her
[Music]
home
it's game time shiznit you're going in
and i'm keeping watch you saw the cash
cut the tent break a window second floor
bedroom wooden dresser bottom drawer
anyone see us no we're good who you
headed in you
hey run get back here
hello hello i'm stuck down here i cannot
get out by myself that man is someone
else's problem
matt we can't just leave him there oh we
stole 12
600 bucks but you want to get busted
you boys are quiet today not getting
along
my brother doesn't trust you he thinks
that you're going to get us in trouble
you seem like a good kid
you don't have to do everything your
brother says
i got a way for us to communicate with
each other when i'm not here
over over you're out of that hole
weren't you visiting that man
i'll kill you too right down that hole
we're running out of time we can't leave
him to die matt
desperate men do desperate things god
damn it shut up
you're a monster yo please
he'll thank me when it's done
hello
[Applause]
things have changed he's not the boss
anymore
you're the man now
[Music]
hey don't tell the soul what you saw
here today
you remember me
how you doing tonight doing well officer
can i see your driver's license
registration and insurance please
of course my license is right here my
wallet that's all right son
you remember the night in july
[Music]
hey hey hey wait wait put the phone down
please he's just a kid you pointed your
gun at him
okay get out of the car son easy
you
the grand jury determined that no
probable cause exists to file any
charges
against officer randall
this is my son this is my little boy
[Music]
you took that from me the world took
that from me
today we make that right
hear me when i say this because i'm only
gonna say it once
don't stop filming
if you just give up now why are we the
only people in this country
that expected to do things without
violence
i didn't mean to kill your son what you
did
i did what i was trying to do i just
want justice
that's all i want this is your jury
the deciders of your faith today you
will be tried for the murder of my son
you scared aw
you afraid
i used to be loved i used to be a kid
detective
we're all really counting on you i was
so far ahead of the game
but one day i just woke up behind this
guy in my homeroom claims she practiced
with the mets i need to find out if he's
lying
he's lying
so what can i help you with somebody
murdered my boyfriend seriously
pretty seriously he was stabbed 17 times
is it possible he was involved in drugs
no
he would never do drugs gambling no he
would never gamble
demon worship no he would never worship
a demon
here comes the kid detective
[Music]
someone's following us this isn't safe
they're trying to see how my head works
somebody's testing me
mike i'm getting married how awesome is
that
awesome she loves me for who i am
and and i love it for who she is
huh i can't wait to spend the rest of my
life with her kyle i slept with her
what what do you mean
kyle hates me he should hate you i know
i'm a bad friend oh my god mike are you
serious what you did to him
was selfish kyle's selfless
he always thinks about other people
first
[Music]
i invited mike for christmas what
he is not doing well we were his only
family now he has no one
mike's in the living room he got fat
right yeah
merry christmas or scissors
oh my god is that mike you got fat
hey we should do catapult next no that's
a black diamond he's gonna crash
okay well it's snow if he crashes it's
snow i'd rather not crash
kyle no one wants to crash he's gotta go
yeah he's gonna go tomorrow
i mean like he's gotta go away like not
in our lives
but he's my friend
sometimes when you think you're doing
the wrong thing
it's actually what's needed let's go
i don't care i don't care what happened
if you love someone you should care what
happened you know
i don't hey nobody likes her nobody
likes you mike
i am the only one who likes you and i
don't know why because you're loud and
obnoxious and you're an
ass hey can i just say nope
my
when you get knocked down you gotta get
right back in there
[Music]
if i catch you i'm gonna kill you i know
that's why i waited for the hill ah
yeah you got the smoke shut up dig
how you doing son marina
as commanding officer myself i only lost
one marine
his best friend waited there guarding
his body until it could be extracted
you ever hear that story before son i
always wanted to meet
the man that carried my son off that
field
when i got out of the military all i
learned is fighting
but i want you to be different
nick what are you doing here man
paying some bills
i want to give y'all the better stuff
you mind rolling with him
that's travis prince man he just won
brazilian nationals what are you doing
here
we got to fight
there is always some theoretical fighter
who thinks he can take on the pros
i looked in his eyes oh he's got it
[Applause]
he got sucker punched by blame
everybody's gonna want to see a rematch
my flesh made a medal once you clap
hands and go
there's no hiding you about to dance
with the devil that mat is gonna expose
every
lie and confirm every truth
[Music]
it's all or nothing come on
[Applause]
[Music]
many moons ago a nameless evil was
imprisoned
in a place far beyond reach
hurry up if he were ever to be released
it would spell certain doom for all
existence
is this yours um
[Music]
oh my god the gem of brexit
whoever wields it is able to command me
go over there
and wait first to come back in the
morning you will suffer an eternity for
this
[Music]
mom dad i want you to meet psycho gorman
or pg for source i will bathe in your
blood
don't worry be worried
he's gonna kill everybody not unless i
tell him to
[Music]
what did you three maniacs get up to um
this is getting a little weird
this sick game must come to an end
she will enslave the galaxy into endless
servitude
kill him cool
the ultimate evil has awoken
[Music]
there's a new god in town and his name
psycho gorman
it was nice meeting you it would be
nicer if you were dead
all right bye
don't let last year define who you are
this year start new
start fresh you know i can't work out
during ramadan
i'm just not in the mood to be around
happy people this is cal
this is mo my best friend he's a doctor
did i mention he's a single doctor not
jinx this thing that isn't even a thing
you are interested i'm not saying that
what are you gonna snap out of this
horrible punk you've been in it's been
nearly a year
how often are you two breaking fast i
don't know
like every
[Music]
you mean to tell me your immigrant
mother would allow you to be like this
and have no
opinion about it my immigrant mother is
nothing like what you see on tv
what i know is that a gay or muslim guy
in weho probably knows what it's like to
have people make assumptions
[Music]
[Applause]
you always spin things in a way that
ignores what's wrong
i like you what do you like about me
just be open be honest
i'm scared
you deserve to be loved
[Music]
isn't that such a mystery
hey none of us are angels
why do you wear that mask
so you can see who i am
you don't shame on us
look after each other okay me and you
society put us in a home
freedom that's all we want
then let your peace now boys
you got this i got it
i'm massage
[Applause]
why didn't you come back searched for
you for ages
if you knew me you just wouldn't want me
[Music]
mom doesn't want to see you why would
she
you're just like the old man what's
gonna end up in the box
and it ain't me
everyone can see who you are you want me
to kill him
you don't go hardcore
you're gonna take me
[Music]
you